---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tmc_cluster_backup Data Source - terraform-provider-tmc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# tmc_cluster_backup (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **cluster_name** (String) Name of the Tanzu Cluster
- **management_cluster_name** (String) Name of the Tanzu Management Cluster
- **name** (String) Tanzu Cluster Backup Name
- **provisioner_name** (String) Name of the Tanzu Management Cluster Provisioner

### Optional

- **excluded_namespaces** (List of String) The namespaces to be excluded in the backup.
- **excluded_resources** (List of String) The name list for the resources to be excluded in backup.
- **include_cluster_scoped_resources** (Boolean) A flag which specifies whether cluster-scoped resources should be included for consideration in the backup
- **included_namespaces** (List of String) The namespaces to be included for backup from. If empty, all namespaces are included.
- **included_resources** (List of String) The name list for the resources to be included into backup. If empty, all resources are included.
- **label_selector** (Block List) Label query over a set of resources to be included in backup. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--label_selector))
- **labels** (Map of String)
- **snapshot_volumes** (Boolean) A flag which specifies whether to take cloud snapshots of any PV's referenced in the set of objects included in the Backup.
- **volume_snapshot_locations** (List of String) A list containing names of VolumeSnapshotLocations associated with this backup.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) Unique ID of the Tanzu Cluster Backup
- **retention_period** (String) The backup retention period.
- **status** (String)
- **storage_location** (String) The name of a BackupStorageLocation where the backup should be stored.

<a id="nestedblock--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `label_selector`

Optional:

- **match_labels** (Map of String)

Read-Only:

- **match_expressions** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--label_selector--match_expressions))

<a id="nestedblock--label_selector--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `label_selector.match_expressions`

Read-Only:

- **key** (String)
- **operator** (String)
- **values** (List of String)


